# hello-world
Study project
I'm the owner of this project. My name is Viktor. I am 20. I was born in Odessa in 1995. My parents are enterpreniers. Until 17 years I have lived with my mother and three elder sisters in dormitory area. After 9 classes of school i went to The College of a Computer Technology in Odessa. I've been want to take an "enterprise economist" specialization. Maybe it was because until my childhood I love to make money.)
When I was 16, in the second year of study, I arrived to my father. As I say - my father is an enterpreneur. He owned first polygraphy centers in our city. I was fascinated on his job and intil 13 years old I work in his polygraphy centers on the holidays, weekends or sometimes after study. It wasn't make me diligence in study, but it was interesting and give me some money for make my needs. After couple of years i take a view on all polygraphy market in our city. It was useful experience, because all listened lectures was filtered by me about suitability for my future work.
Three years ago, in 2014, I graduate college. When I graduated in my plans was arrived to Kiev to the High Economist School. But it turned out that i can't go to study when I hasn't take military ID in our fucking country. It need some money. And always the arriving to capital need money. I thought that I can't ask it from my parents, but had to earn money on their own.
I go to work for the place what i knew - my father's center. I work there about two years and take all possible positions. All dependent on the today's need. Need courier, loader or operator - I can. Need sys-admin, supplier, client manager or technical director? Here I am. But after some conflicts with my father and when I didn't take my sallary in full I made a desission to gone. With my quit I take a response that "it would be time for me to live separately, you need to find a flat in two weeks". "Okay".
But as said before I didn't take my sallary and with the cash I had I can only pay for a half of first month for living. My sister's boyfriend offered me to ask for help with the job search from his friend in Kiev, who worked on the big TV channel. And when I understood that I can moved away I find out out that i realy must do it to save good relationships with my family. But I already have one more variant with the job. I ask for help for my friend, who leaved Odessa about year ago and work in Kharkiv in the small IT company that specializes in web development. They needed worker who can made mark-up for their sites. It sounds more perspectively, despite the fact that I am not versed in this area. Free schedule and high salary sound very attractive and I chose this variant. 
I waited for some difficults in study, but as it turned out that web development for this moment is not so hard to go in. There are many online courses that make your study in an interesting game. I laid with preparation and training to work in two weeks. Of course real work make a different from exercises what I make on my own preparation, but knowledge what I take wasn't redundant. First time in my work I lacking for some English level, but in the time I get used to understand english content as good as on russian. Also i started to study english words every day. After two month of work our company conducted courses on programming for beginners. It was very helpfull for me to sort out all what I know about programming. After only half a year I carry out the work of the middle web developer and it filled like some satisfaction for the result of the effort.
